# About Me (Tal.md)

This is my world view, it applies to Tal’s world. I recognize that my world view may not apply to you.

## North Star[^north-star]

* Life/love energy is precious, don't let it go to waste.
* The Law of Cups: fill your own cup first and when sufficiently full, fill other people’s cups (we win together).

> Everything below is a direct logical deduction from my North Star. I’m happy to share my logic.

### Tagline

I aspire to be the most loving[^love] person I've ever met.

## Current State

### Myself

* I’m Tal, a straight 44 years old man, born in Israel.
* I have 3 children (Julie, Leo, Ollie), I see them a few times a week.
* I’m single. I got divorced (happily) a couple of years ago.
* I live in London, with Ben. I don’t live with my children.
* I didn't finish my journey[^journey] (roughly at ~70%).
* I’m a tech entrepreneur, I can afford to stop working.
* My professional life history - https://www.linkedin.com/in/talkol.

### Relationships

* I haven't found my soulmate[^soulmate].
* I have a work life partner[^life-partner] named Daniel.
* I have a home life partner[^life-partner] named Ben.

### Life Goals (prioritized)

1. Progress with my journey[^journey] (discover my true self and live my ideals).
2. Live life to the fullest (and collect meaningful relationships).
3. Find my soulmate[^soulmate] (don't compromise but the sooner the better).
4. My current life work - write my book "I'm Human: Reverse Engineering Life".
5. Help Daniel build his "Seed of Life" members club.
6. Help close friends reach financial freedom like me (my business incubator).
7. Sponsor writing more books about ideas from my book.
8. Work on my projects (I have dozens).
9. Many more..

### People I Love[^love] (prioritized)

1. Myself and my soulmate (Tal, ?).
2. My children (Julie, Leo, Ollie).
3. My home life partner (Ben) and my work life partner (Daniel).
4. My inner circle (Daniel, Aleks, Ben).
5. My ex-gf Weronika (we broke up because we're not soulmates atm).
6. My immidiate family (parents, siblings, mother of my children).
7. My close friends.
8. My extended family.
9. My friends.
10. Everybody else, deserving cups[^deserving-cups].
11. Everybody else, undeserving cups[^undeserving-cups].

## Boundaries (non-negotiable)

* I will not share my life/love energy with undeserving cups[^undeserving-cups].
* I will never cut anyone from my life without fully hearing them out (even if they're violent towards me).

> I don't like additional boundaries, there are no boundaries besides these in my world.

## Superpowers

* I have extremely high conviction in who I want to be (my North Star[^north-star]).
  > Negatives: some people think I'm too intense, my passion can be mistaken as aggresive (I'm really a gentle soul).
* Deduction - I can explain complex abstract ideas in simple language, I can reverse engineer complex systems.
  > Negatives: some people can mistake my conviction for arrogance, I think I know better than most.
* Hyperfocus - I can mute everything besides what I'm focusing on, I'm an amazing singletasker.
  > Negatives: I may ignore important things around me, low empathy, not a great multitasker.

## Relationship Agreements

### Friend

Let's assume Angela is a friend of mine.

If Angela and I are sexually attracted, we can have primarily selfless sex[^selfless-sex] ("friends with benfits").

### Potential Soulmate

Let's assume Angela is a potential soulmate of mine.

Tal v1.5 (current Tal) is not the soulmate of Angela v1.5 (current Angela).
I will help Angela become Angela v2.0 (the Angela who is my soulmate), Angela will help me become Tal v2.0 (her soulmate).

Angela and I must be sexually attracted, we can have primarily selfish sex[^selfish-sex].

I love[^love] Angela, if I have an amazing single friend John, I will also introduce Angela to John because Angela v1.5 (current Angela) might be the soulmate of John v1.5 (current John).

## Expectations

### Soulmate[^soulmate]

* I expect that my soulmate and I will love[^love] each other selflessly and won't be possessive.
* I expect to raise my children with my soulmate, I'll want to have new children only with her.
* I expect my soulmate to become my home life partner (shared household, shared finances).
* I expect that my soulmate and I are each other's primary sexual partner (not fully open but no limitations).

<br>

---

### Definitions

[^north-star]: North Star - the “right thing” according to my world view, how my ideal human would behave.
[^love]: Love - to want the best for someone else regardless of myself (selfless).
[^journey]: Journey - how much I live my life according to my North Star.
[^soulmate]: Soulmate - the top person in the list of people I love.
[^life-partner]: Life Partner - somebody I combine my self interest with (new organism with shared self interest).
[^deserving-cups]: Deserving Cups - people whose North Star doesn't conflict with mine.
[^undeserving-cups]: Undeserving Cups - people whose North Star conflicts with mine.
[^selfless-sex]: Selfless Sex - sex with the objective of pleasuring the other and not primarily for my own sexual pleasure.
[^selfish-sex]: Selfish Sex - what most people regard as sex, my own sexual pleasure plays a key part (hers equally too).
